it's again magic well hi guys and what a
say - from UK locks fault code of UK and
this is a video of single pin picking
another old yale 5 pin rimmed cylinder
lock i've not a single thing picked this
woman before so got it out today told a
play with and the reason for that is
because i've had a few issues myself
single thing picking and not picking
locks as well as i thought so i
literally decided today have a play you
know have fun that's what locks for is
all about and i was pleasantly surprised
I'm a right-handed picker have picked it
left-handed as well as right-handed and
this video is picking single-handed and
the reason for the bit of inspiration
there to have a player is my great
friend being Frank on I UK locks ball
phone who's done a couple of videos and
the reason for this guy's is literally
that if you get frustrated with a lock
you can apply far too much turn shoe you
can attack those pins far too hard you
know for you to beat down you don't got
to get anywhere you might pick the lock
it'll take you a lot longer
oh you're not gonna be able to pick it
at all so just have fun that's what love
spot is all about and what you've also
got to remember
these locks have Ches their solver
originally designed to be opened only
with a key yet we as block spotters
opened them without keys and manipulate
them without keys so if this lock was to
take you 30 seconds to open fantastic if
it's actually 10 minutes brilliant
you've not used a working key you've
picked a lock open or manipulated in
some perform just show you that
single-handed
hope you can say that
it's a better form my casa that's what
locks for is all about
I do
single from dude
let's give out one more girl with using
one hand and the pinkie on the tension
makes you not literally applying far too
much tension
now as well the second server that's
reset
that's single-handed fits so like say
guys if you are going through a few
issues regarding your picking don't beat
yourselves up just have a play with your
locks
that's what locks bar is all about and
if you are newbies to lock slot please
come visit us at www.ufxmarkets.com for